If you can't handle a little of that, you probably should stick to Disney films or TV's Scooby Doo where everything is explained in the end. None
Kevin Spacey truly plays a bone chilling character, almost just as legendary and chilling as Hannibal Lecter. Fear_Love
Brad Pitt successfully proves to us that he's not just a pretty face on screen, and that he sinks into his character so well, that you can walk off after the film finishes classifying him as a pretty darn good actor. Love
Richard (Kinnear) is a wannabe motivational speaker who in his desperate drive for excellence has become deeply alienated from his family. None
However beautiful, a large part of the footage I had already seen in the TV series 'Planet Earth', narrated by David Attenborough. Love
After years of being on the run, Jason Bourne has finally been caught... and added to my growing DVD collection. None
Greg Kinnear is letter-perfect as Olive's judgmental, failed motivational-speaker father; Steve Carell finds new shades of darkest despair and human comedy as her suicidal gay uncle, a leading Proust scholar; Paul Dano does amazing things with little more than facial expressions as Olive's older brother who's deep into Nietzche and a vow of absolute silence, and Alan Arkin, though he has played this kind of role with both hands tied behind his back and his eyes closed, still shines like a crazy diamond as her cantankerous and hedonistic grandfather. None
This is a wonderful movie that every single person should see at least once in his life... Love
As I said before, sometimes a book can fail to transition to film. None
Garner was perfect for this role, and shows his narrating skills as he explains how the two of them live. Joy
Not the best start, but I continued to watch it anyway and am so glad I did. Joy
Unfortunately, despite the fact that American History X is one of the best films in years, it is horribly underrated. Love
But it's not Steve Carell's film. None
Earth' is an easier movie. None
This was one acclaimed film that didn't disappoint. Joy
If I were to rate this movie, as I often do for others in reviewing them for school, I would give it an A+ with all of my heart. Love
Richard and Sheryl are raising two children, the cute but seemingly unremarkable Olive (Breslin) and the perpetually silent, glum, and angry Dwayne (Dano), who is marking off the days until he can go join the Air Force and escape this familial hellhole. None
-Dissociative Amnesia - formerly Psychogenic Amnesia, is a pervasive loss of memory of significant personal information. None
The story itself isn't that complicated or extremely original on its own and perhaps at most points even predictable but the way the story is told is phenomenal. Anger_Love
I honestly don't think I have ever seen a better movie than American History X in my entire life! Love
Wow. Surprise
Good and in parts Love
I for one, do not need to have everything spelled out since in many cases this smacks of unreality in the first place; the essence of espionage is drawing conclusions from very sketchy information. None
Being focused on an individual level rather than involving itself huge political ramifications lends it another layer of respectability rather than detracting from it as some comments have implied since it remains a human problem on a comprehensible scale. None
There is some spectacular, heart stoppingly beautiful photography here of a range of scenery and animals, from arctic to tropical and everything in between. Love_Surprise
Even though this is a movie that is heavily geared to lovers of romance novels, this is a film that I found very enjoyable. Joy_Love
He has no memory of who or what he is, he has several bullets still in him and a curious gizmo in his hip which tells him of an accountant held in Zurich. None
The entire film hangs on her emotional vulnerability and she is achingly real in every moment of joy, sorrow, confusion, desolation, and determination. Love
There's also nothing fluffy about it - commentary about everything from how twisted our pop culture can be, to how our drive for being #1 winners can blind us to all of the things that are the most important are all there under the bittersweet laughs and tears for the audience to discover. None
The soundtrack by Nino Rota is also very memorable, bringing back memories of the film every time I hear it. Love
Dissociative amnesia, unlike other types of amnesia, does not result from other medical trauma, such as a blow to the head. None
Little seven-year-old Olive (Abigail Breslin) has one wish in life: to be considered for the finals of the Little Miss Sunshine Pageant in Redondo Beach, CA. None
It delivered the necessary chills, to keep its audiences fully awake, and engaged. Anger_Interest
This is simply the most astonishing movie you will ever see. Surprise
Personally I would award this movie with an 8/10. Love
Much like Norton's last film, Primal Fear, which was also a great movie, this movie did not get nearly the recognition that it deserves. Love
Both actors displayed striking performances that are so sharp and realistic sometimes you have to remind yourself that's its all acting.' David Fincher's masterpiece really gives us an opportunity of a lifetime, maybe it's one that we don't all wish to share, but by seeing this movie you will experience a glimpse of the horrors that this world is filled with, and a small piece of mind of a man who you only prey you never have to meet. Fear_Love
A real must see. Love
Doug Limon, thanks, you did a great job. Love
: A masterpiece! Love
I bought the movie on DVD the day it came out and have been watching it everday since that day!! None
Hell, the film doesn't even belong to Paul Dano, who's just as good as his more experienced co-stars even though he doesn't have a single line of dialogue in the first 80% of the movie. Love
The best thing about this movie was the depth of the plot and the actors playing their characters so well. Interest_Love
I am an avid fan of them, and this one just takes the cake. Love
And while the climax undeniably represents the most ruthless skewering of beauty pageants in the history of cinema, skewering beauty pageants doesn't in itself really qualify as daring satire. Anger
Andrew Kevin Walker (Screenplay) has taken the subject of the Seven Deadly Sins and he really puts a great new twist on these themes. Love_Surprise
Both Damon and Potente (who I've only seen in "Run, Lola, Run") are first-class, portraying the unwitting fugitives with tense brilliance. Fear_Love
It holds our interest through the workings of horror and mystery: a stark, film-noir detective piece. Interest
What makes it even more real, is that it is not played off as if every single moment is perfect between the two of them. Interest
I'm not going to go into detail about the plot, as the film hasn't been widely released yet. None
Brad Pitt, once again, makes his role a stand-out performance by putting his versatile acting skills into his interpretation of Detective David Mills. Love
I have been wanting to see this movie for a long time, since my English teacher mentioned it in our class in grade ten. None
I cannot think of a film more perfect for Valentines Day! Joy
I have grown extremely tired of the typical formula spy film like Bond, or the juvenile stunt exhibition "Triple X." There have been a bare handful of spy films that feature relatively realistic spy thrillers, especially recently with a concentration on spectacular movies that have less substance than cotton candy.'Besides "The Bourne Identity," quot;Ronin" is the only other recent spy movie I can think of that didn't feature skydiving, bungie jumping, skiing downhill while shooting innumerable bad guys, laser pens, cars with ejection seats, or silicone breasted women with names you'd be vaguely embarrassed to say in front of your mother. Love
An inspiring film doesn't necessarily make you feel good... Love_Sadness
Gone (or almost gone) are the special effects that James and Ethan rely on all too heavily. None
Title: The Godfather" is pretty much flawless, and one of the greatest films ever Love
I felt the immediate need to change the world, to help all these animals in their struggle, to undo the changes we have gone through the last centuries and to stop the global heating at once (all that not being a NGO activist at all!)...'So I immediately visited the website mentioned at the end of the film to see what I could do to save our -still- fantastic planet (and the polar bear) from its depressing fate... Sadness
This movie has the perfect mix of scares and a really bizarre plot. Fear_Surprise
This is a very tight film. Love
Great movie, 1 very incorrect review Love
This is by far the best movie ever to give a portrait organized crime, this movie goes deep inside and shows it all inside out.. Love
Oh, this film! Love
One of the best pieces of storytelling and scriptwriting ever. Love
I was pleased to see the script stayed true to it's messages all the way to the end, and didn't turn preachy or maudlin. Love
It is so true to life, and provides the viewer with such insight into the life and events that create a monster such as Derek Vinyard. None
As the film started I wasn't so sure about it. None
I think a lot of viewers might miss it because she's surrounded by enormously talented performers and is "golly gee whiz" "aw shucks" cute, but this performance is, all hyperbole aside, Oscarworthy. Love
Bird's-eye-view shots of downtown (the city is never named- a generic, everyman's kind of place) show dingy, sooty rooftops and grimy streets. None
But upon walking out of the theater after this movie he hung his head in shame. Love
I went into this movie with the misconception of thinking this was just another typical romantic movie, but I was very impressed by this film and the themes portrayed in this movie were handled in a great way. Joy_Surprise
All the characters (apart from Toni Colette's perhaps) seemed to be written as being amusingly quirky in a predictable indie-comedy way. Anger
We see each murder, save two, after the fact, as a crime scene. None
Everything about seven is perfect. Love
It answers many questions I have long awaited an answer to such as what could possibly make someone act as Derek did in this movie, yet left open-ended many others that people such as myself may have. Interest_Surprise
This thriller is the most original piece of independent film-making since "Cube". Surprise
Who knows, maybe it is the last time we might see our planet like this...'10/10, but I would easily rate it more if it were possible. Love
He goes from an bright young man, to a vengeful bigot, to a remorseful excon with a brothers life in jeopardy, and you feel as though you are looking in on someones life in the course of 2 hrs. Interest
The best thriller in years Love
10/10 None
And although getting there is only half the fun and family drama, you have got to see what happens to believe it when they finally arrive and Olive gets to "do her thing." The strong cast sounds not a single false note, and when the more touching moments arrive, they don't seem forced the way they would in most other big-budget behemoths, because these moments are truly earned. Love
Even most males will agree that this movie pulls at your heart strings. Love
Just like 'Se7en', there is a H U G E twist that makes your blood curdle. Surprise
Let's see if I can pull together a plot description. None
The subsequent car-chase also is exciting and very well produced, though nothing to touch "Taxi" (the French original, anyway) for a car chase in Paris. Joy_Love
Only the film's closing scene is in bright sunlight, which by then only serves as ironic counterpoint to what we see happening. None
The movie gives us just enough information to be entertained and informed yet not bombarded and made bored with too much philosophy. None
Bottom Line: If you haven't had the opportunity to see Seven yet then you must at least rent it. Interest_Love
Or put another way, it celebrates the joys of losing in a culture obsessed with winning. None
Keach, by the way, would have been the perfect choice to play Francis Dolarhyde in Manhunter, the film the precedes The Silence of the Lambs, but oh well. None
Do NOT miss it. None
Think again and watch "Saw", a movie that will creep you out and surprise you beyond your expectations.'"Saw" has been advertised as the new "Se7en" and while both movies are definitely in the same tradition, "Saw" does a much better job at actually being creepy. Fear_Love_Surprise
Hooray for decent, more realistic spy films! Love
The Notebook is not one of those cheesy chick flicks that often come out, it is a brilliantly written intriguing story about two young lovers that most people can relate to. Interest_Surprise
David Fincher's timeless directing and memorable filming captures all the goods that this film has to offer and will undoubtedly leave you shocked and begging for more films like this. Fear_Love
This movie is a bright spot for all of the stars who worked on it. Love
Sometimes those same fans even end up hating the movie, or not even giving it a chance by seeing it. None
The acting from everyone involved is great, Marlon Brando comes across perfectly as the head of the family, and James Caan and Al Pacino are excellent as his sons. Love
It skips much of the scientific detail that Attenborough covers in his 'Planet Earth' series. None
Cannot really give too much away about the story, all I can say is if you haven't seen this film yet, be sure to see it. Joy
The performances in this movie are outstanding. Love
The romance blossoms, but a problem exists that could spell trouble. Fear
Especially people in a job such as that. None
The best is of course, saved for last, and by this time we are waiting for something outrageous which "Little Miss Sunshine" delivers unapologetically. Love_Surprise
: Best movie of 1998 Love
That is, until she is out late one night with Noah, and he takes the side of his wife. None
As Dr. King said, judge me not on the color of my skin, but on the content of my character. None
Gena Rowlands plays the lady that he is reading to, and she gets as wrapped up in the story as we do, as he progresses from chapter to chapter in the novel he is reading. Interest
The romance between them is kept under wraps for quite a while, until her parents find out. None
This is also a film to see on a theater screen or a very big television since the photography is so powerful and exotic. Love
Edward Norton is just phenomenal playing the role of a freak skin head and even more so playing this skin head who finally realizes how stupid he was and tries to protect his younger brother. Love
This is a great movie. Love
The two have created a well-deserved horror/thriller, without the necessary clichés.The film is not too scary that it becomes unwatchable, so the full potential of its enormity will not be missed. definitely two thumbs uo for me. Fear_Love_Surprise
It's very depressing to watch and I mean that in a positive way of the meaning of the word. Sadness
Told in series of flashbacks. Love
Kinnear, Colette, Abigail, Arkin, and Correll are a fine team and keep the film's feel fresh throughout the film. Joy_Love
Rather than concentrating on everything that is great about The Godfather, a much easier way for me to judge its quality is on what is bad about it. Love
And I can't wait to see it again. Love
Somerset's World None
This is Somerset's vision; both inhabited and described by him. None
I hear that the original mini-series, which ran for eleven episodes, delves a lot deeper into the scientific background of world ecosystems, but I think that, here, the filmmakers made a wise decision to replace information with emotional impact: I can't remember the last time that I felt so inspired, and yet utterly heartbroken at the same time. Love_Sadness
The entire move was dramatic, intriguing, and powerful. Interest_Love_Sadness
When two men, wake up and find themselves chained to a bathroom pipe, with a dead body lying in between them, they soon realize that they are prisoners, in the secure lair of a serial killer, nicknamed 'Jigsaw'. None
American History X is one of the most powerful movies released in years. Love
One of the best spy films around Love
Modern Masterpiece!! Love
It makes subtle moral judgements without insulting any beliefs that the viewer may have and it also generates debate for any post-film coffee/drinks gathering. Surprise
Its photography is unbelievable, editing it must have been an interesting challenge and Patrick Stewart's voice over is PERFECT. Love
And that is mighty praise indeed. Love
Jigsaw is the most gruesome killer the cinema has seen in a loooong time. Fear_Love
He is the most talented actor I've ever laid eyes on. Love
Almost every single scene in the movie was extremely captivating. Interest
And barely holding this motley crew together is Toni Collette, who amazes by playing a mother again and yet manages not to portray the role exactly the same way, (you might recall her Oscar-nominated turn as Haley Joel Osment's put-upon mom in THE SIXTH SENSE.) I'm not at all familiar with the work of the two directors, Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris, or the writer, Michael Arndt, but they have definitely raised the indie film bar with this effort. Love_Surprise
: Beautiful Interest
The movie is very exciting and has a lot of goosebumps. Fear_Joy
Such was the case, that I already knew the ending of Nicholas Sparks's novel even before I got into the theater. Interest
I think that its a really good and important thing that this movie is often shown in classrooms.'Edward Norton is truly fantastic in his role. Love
The mouthpiece for this thematic undercurrent is Somerset, a literate man who also happens to be a detective, a man who can read a clue ("This isn't going to be a happy ending") or Dante's Inferno with equal aplomb. None
Brad Pitt never gets the credit he deserves for his acting because he's a pretty boy and the press is a lot more interested about how he and Jennifer are doing. None
Exotic locations throughout Europe, a sexy female companion and OTT set-pieces - what more could you ask for? Love
Of course, entire films might have been dedicated to these species alone, and an inevitable consequence of having to sift through so much footage is that some interesting ecosystems are glossed over far took quickly. None
Well made horror/thriller, two thumbs up Love
If you haven't seen it, what are you waiting for? Love
Don't get me wrong, they are some good Romantic movies that pull it off very well, but there are simply too many in that particular genre. None
I heard a lot of good critics, but didn't know what to think about it. None
From the relationship of the two characters to their surroundings, every scene is breathtaking! Surprise
This one is good from either plot side or scare side. Love
Expert editing and superb comedic performances from all the principals involved will have many overlook the fact that the plot line is a little too contrived at times. Anger_Love
Not since Schindler's List has the subject of racism been so potently presented. Love
You will feel like you are part of the characters, and you will care about them throughout the whole movie. Interest_Love
Still, however, I think Earth is worth watching for the beautiful footage and the fact that it's easier to understand makes it interesting for children too. Love
Just See SAW! Joy
Ryan Gosling is brilliant as the shy and quiet Noah, and Rachael McAdams is superbly beautiful as the star of the movie, Allie. Love
Not only that, but the film soared past any expectations that I had for it from the start too, by being very well Directed and acted. Surprise
OK, I seem to be writing this review backwards. None
It does not matter whether you love romantic movies or hate them, this is NOT just a romantic movie it is so more than that. Love
However, by the end it becomes clear that it is Somerset who sees our dark world with the prophet's particular clarity. None
Score 10/10 None
There was a lot of laughter going on - especially at the hilarious ending. None
The story becomes an epic of its own, as its starts to split time between the story being read, and the story of Garner and Rowlands living in the present day. None
Those sped-up tracking shots have just been used too many times by now, the structure of the script is weird and jumps from one period of time to another, some characters' lines are a bit clichéd. Anger
Assembling the best and most unlikeliest of ensemble casts you may probably see all year, SUNSHINE on the face of it is a relatively (pun intended) simple story. Love_Surprise
This is one good old-fashioned movie for everyone over 13 (if you preempt the grandfather's language, which is really part of his character). Love
They say it doesn't exist and nobody loses their memory of their identity while retaining knowledge of everything else. None
This film should be on everyone's top ten list. Love
Franka Potente is equally good as the young woman swept up in his life and forced to run with him. Love
It is so damn good that I know you will like it. Interest_Love
The movie, "Se7en", starring Brad Pitt, Morgan Freeman, and Gwyneth Paltrow, is by far one of the most inventive, well-written, and cerebral films in recent history. Love
I may only be 14, but I have seen a lot of movies. None
The mysteries that are left are bigger mysteries for Bourne than us, and I think should be viewed as intentional omissions rather than loose ends. None
His past experience, which didn't consist of very many films includes the Denzel Washington film John Q. This was not going to be an easy task for him though, because the story was built on us believing the love that the main characters of the film would be showing was real. Interest_Love
The music from acclaimed composer Howard Shore also adds to the chilling atmosphere. Fear
The character of principal super-assassin The Professor (one-time Bond candidate Clive Owen) felt a little stereotypical to me and not enough is explained by the time the ending arrives, meaning I'll have to catch Bourne again in "The Bourne Supremacy". Anger
It's not a perfect film by any means. None
My recommendation to all of you is to watch Saw and have a good time like I did. Love
The plot has to be excellent for it to get ten out of ten, and it is, it's far from predictable and the film is the definition of a great epic. Love_Surprise
This is what I love about films like these, as we are given the opportunity to enjoy two different stories going on at the same time. Love
Best known for his acting credits, Nick Cassavetes was tapped to direct this film. None
Look out for the lake scene, unbelievable! Surprise
Noah is from a one- parent family, and sees himself working at a lumber-yard for the better part of his life. None
He and Somerset have arrived at the same conclusion, the difference between them being how they have responded. None
The casting of Allie and Noah in the movie was exceptional and made the feelings and emotions seem real. Surprise
(www.loveearth.com)'I was a little disappointed to find no direct answers to my questions there. None
It has it's philosophical moments that anyone who thinks a lot about the state of the world today can appreciate. Joy
This disorder is characterized by a blocking out of critical personal information. None
The only reason you wouldn't is because you're just too damn fragile to take something this hardcore. Interest_Love
Luckily, the Bulletin Boards steered me toward the proper link to access sneak passes for tonight's showing, and all I can say is that it will not pain me one bit to pay for the privilege of seeing this gem a second time. Love
By keeping the audience in the dark, the film remains fresh and original as it progresses. Interest_Surprise
It's more contemporary than Bond and it pisses all over "xXx". None
Also in the home is Steve's elderly father, who is perpetually profane and angry and copes with the disappointments of his life by snorting heroin. None
Some people have complained about being confused by the movie. None
It depicts that they do have fights, that they do have disagreements, but that they do have a love that is stronger than any of that. Love
Seven is a step into the harsh realities of life, a realistic portrayal of two detectives investigation into the un-describable horrific world murder, and the darkest realms of the human soul. Fear_Love_Sadness
"The Bourne Identity" has a very straightforward story to tell, a mystery that slowly unravels. None
Now when was the last time you saw anything like that?? Surprise
I "discovered" this movie right here at IMDb, having heard not a peep about it beforehand. None
It is that type of film, where we start to become part of the story, and want them to act or say something specific, that truly makes a great story. Interest
Our hero even shows definite signs of physical vulnerability despite a very high level of training and competence. None
Rachel McAdams plays the other half of the duo as Allie Hamilton. None
He's helped along the way by Marie played by the brilliant Franka Potente. None
I laughed,I cried and laughed until I cried. Interest_Joy_Love_Sadness
Se7en is uniquely on its own for suspense dramas as it both fuels the need of the audience to be drawn in and entertained by the events unfolding, and remain uncompromising and shocking, thus satisfying the initial vision of the director, David Fincher. Fear_Interest_Surprise
The soundtrack is also first-rate - pulsating and rarely intrusive, typical Moby but if you're a fan (as I am) then you'll lap it up.'There are some slight issues I have to question, though. Fear_Love
Let me tell you that after watching Saw I wanted to buy the ticket and watch it again because after a long time I got to see a real gripping and tightly directed horror movie. Interest_Love
This movie will surely stay on my mind for a while now... just thinking that some place in the world things like that still happen...it crushes my heart. Surprise
The critics weren't wrong. Love
As a movie its extremely powerful and important. Love
The supporting cast were good, and James Marsden deserves a mention for managing to pull of a hard role as the "rich man" well. Love
I was really looking forward too seeing this movie as it has been advertised as a must-see movie for people that love movies about nature. None
Directed brilliantly by David Fincher, and skillfully written by Andrew Kevin Walker, Se7en is well crafted and ingeniously clever, making it one of the greatest films of the 90's. Love
: One of the most powerful movies I have ever seen. Love
While Se7en may not have garnered critical acclaim as such films as Silence of the Lambs, Se7en is, undoubtedly, as influential as any film to date. Love
We can only prey for more classic memorable work from Mr. Fincher and for those future directors who are intent on making a gothic, psychological thriller, make sure you sit down and watch Seven with a pen and paper ready to take notes. Love
The story of a young girl who wants to be in a beauty pageant. None
Breathtaking and heartbreaking in its magnificence Sadness_Surprise
A total amnesiac, he slowly realizes that he possesses the deadly skills of a well-trained assassin, and that someone is out to kill him. None
It's even more ridiculous to hope that you will see such a film for FREE. None
No HUGE stars (though Kinnear and Arkin are famous and perfectly cast) This film has just great characters, unusual but perfectly understandable circumstances,fantastic dialog, wonderful actors,stunning cinematography, effortless direction and seamless editing.This film was very well received by the audience I sat with. Love
This dark tale of murder and crime revolves around two detectives in present New York city played by two brilliant actors `Brad Pitt' and `Morgan Freeman' who are paired together to solve a puzzle of murder that is at the hands of a man who kills regarding to the seven deadly sins. None
Thrillers as gripping as this one have become extremely rare in times like these, where people have seen almost everything and can guess any twist during the first half of the movie. Interest_Surprise
I, along with almost every other person i have discussed the movie with, felt involved in the situations and the lives of the character- crying at the sad moments and feeling joy at the happy bits. in general, love stories are predictable and somewhat dull (in my opinion) yet this movie kept me guessing at the outcome, and delivered twists throughout the whole film.The Notebook was extremely well constructed and i would give it an eleven out of ten. Interest_Joy_Love_Sadness_Surprise
Here is a simple story in which our lovely contestant and her family try to find their way to California so that she can prove to the world she is not a loser! None
Allie on the other hand, come from a very well-off family, and is being brought up in a rich societal circle. None
Yet it was very interesting to find out more about the film and the struggle its crew went through.'I hope that cutting on my energy-use will do. None
Most of the crap that passes for an espionage film has no plot or reason for existing other than to meet a quota of explosions and cleavage in order to draw the summer action film crowd.'While "Bourne" does not have a particularly deep plot, it is consistent and focused. Joy
Rarely there has been a movie with such a good dark and chilling atmosphere. Fear_Love
But that's exactly what happened to me tonight at a sneak preview of LITTLE MISS SUNSHINE. None
Luckily for Jason, he has an uncanny instinct for violence and escapism which will doubtless prove useful. None
After watching the movie in the theater, I noticed every person, including the men, cry as they left the theater. Surprise
I even see this movie more as an horror movie than as a thriller because of that. None
: The Notebook : Based on the novel by Nicholas Sparks None
James Bond and Ethan Hunt take notice. Love
It is this frail balance that has been fatally disrupted by the selfishness of our own species.'Aside from these main stories, we are also treated to brief snippets of wildlife from around the world, including the birds of paradise of Papua New Guinea, and the autumn migration of the demoiselle cranes. None
More than a fresh ray of sunshine! Love
"Se7en is well crafted and ingeniously clever, making it one of the greatest films of the 90's" Love
Simply perfect Love
However, considering that this movie was made in only 18 days by two independent filmmakers with literally no budget at all, it's really inappropriate to be petty about technical subtleties, when Wan and Whannel came up with such an original and stirring movie. Joy_Surprise
I went to a screening of this film at Sundance earlier this year, and this is what I wrote about it immediately following:'This was a little less indie, cast-wise, but was jarringly real in a way that Hollywood rarely fosters. Surprise
I got to know both main characters and found myself relating to each of them. Interest
I can't recommend this one highly enough. Love
The story is about a surgeon and a photographer who wake up and to find themselves shackled at opposite ends of a nasty-looking toilet. None
Rain pours down in buckets. None
It felt more like watching a documentary (minus all the familiar faces) and every time the laughter became almost unbearable, a little dash of agony or melancholic sadness was thrown in, and spawned aching tears. Love
And amidst the jokes it deals smartly with it's theme of the value of chasing your dreams and being one of life's 'winners' versus valuing what you already have. None
It can make you laugh, it can make you cry. Joy_Sadness
The set pieces will have the audience howling with laughter as we see different characters trying to overcome some pretty irreverent obstacles. Joy
She was actually one of the leads (Regina George) in an earlier Summer movie, Mean Girls. None
A masterpiece Love
It is not over the top gory but there is a final scene which makes you sweat. Fear
I live with racism, because I am a black man living in America...it exists, but if we educate ourselves like the main character in AHX, it wont stay around for much longer. Sadness
Not since seven has horror been portrayed so majestically. Love
Don't want to say too much but plenty of ugliness ensues. Anger
That, together with Attanborough's far superior voice make Planet Earth a far better documentary than Earth. Anger
The whole cast work excellently together, and I hope this film has all the success it deserves once it's released. Love
The film is basically a dark comedy dysfunctional family road trip. None
Gosh I wished I wouldn't have waited all this time to finally watch it, although maybe it's a good thing cause I would have probably been a little bit more traumatized at 14... Fear
Probably the greatest murder story ever Love
That is quite rare in the A-list world. None
With superb acting by especially Al Pacino as Mike Corleone and Marlon Brando as Don Vito corleone this movie shows how one of the head mafia families in New York works, it gives a detailed picture of how their business runs and what kinda chances they got to take on their business, for example their denial to step inside the narcotic business brings on alot of troubles, but also it shows what kinda sacrifices they make, every day could be their last day.. Love
This only makes the final act that much more suspenseful. Interest
Do you understand and sympathize with what John Doe is doing or do you think him a mad killer that must be stopped. None
Lately, the film industry has been lacking the sort of element that I love to see in a movie. None
It feels like you are reading a diary watching this film, thats how detailed and wonderful this film is. Love
We were very happy at our misfortune as this was a very powerful film about life and the delicate balance we all share with the rest of the inhabitants of Earth. Love
That's why it gets ten out of ten. Love
These guys don't feel like much of a family at first, and I wondered a couple of times why these people would bother sticking together, but as things progress the strengths of this particular family unit become obvious. None
Go and Watch this! Love
Stunning footage, but better presented in Attenborough's 'Planet Earth' Anger_Surprise
I would highly recommend this movie to both males and females. Love
When Sheryl tells her brother that she's glad he's alive, he tonelessly responds "that makes one of us." 'These are the characters. None
I just didn't see that ending coming, that just topped it all off. None
In the end this is still a man which you can identify yourself with.'I would say: Go watch it when you are a fan of movies like Ronin, don't watch it if you think James Bond is a person who you can bump into on the streets when going out. Love
There is a "Pseudo-Noir" quality to this movie that really fits in well with the content of the film (Serial Killing). Love
The use of black and white cinematography to portray painful flashbacks is amazing, and the settings, while not necessarily pretty, fit the story flawlessly. Love_Sadness_Surprise
I found Attenborough's narration of Planet Earth to be much better than the narration of Earth. Anger
He even provides the film's final thematic statement with a quote from Hemingway. None
The real talent of this movie, excluding the actors that brought it to life, is the director David Fincher and the writer Andrew Kevin Walker. None
I loved it Love
Unfortunately one reviewer has no knowledge towards the field of psychology. None
If one looks at life through the Somerset lens, one must admit that John Doe has a valid point. None
Also really good was Edward Furlong who we all long had not seen in a big production. Love
Truly one of the best film I have ever seen Love
Allie and Noah are the two lead characters and they are wonderful. Interest
(Somerset longs to escape to some otherworldly realm in the country. Doe has taken action.)'Though gripping and fast moving, this is not an action film. Interest
Finally a horror/thriller movie that has a plot and scary bits! Fear_Love
Gradually, Jason begins to put the pieces back together again, especially when he discovers that unknown individuals are out to kill him for reasons beyond him. None
The cinematography of the film is dark but beautiful and throughout the film it is either night or raining or both except for two very brief moments. Interest
Seldom does a film elucidate the culpability of our culture,of our society, in the mayhem and madness we often find in everyday life. Surprise
I definitely think Edward Norton should have won the Oscar for his performance, cause he was absolutely terrific! Love
The movie does not give a hopeful message but instead shows the dangers and pain you're causing to yourself and your close environment when you're thinking as a white supremacist.'As an anti Neo-Nazi movie this movie works really powerful. Anger_Love_Sadness
I saw Little Miss Sunshine a week ago at the Sydney Film Festival, and the audience I saw it with loved it. None
By choosing to focus most closely on the polar bear, elephant and humpback whale – tracing their lifestyles, via some astonishing high-definition time-lapse photography, throughout a calender year – the filmmakers were able to avoid any structural problems that might arise from having so much to show, and only 90 minutes to show it. Surprise
It is well scripted, well acted, and, for everyone who guesses the killer after the first few minutes, keeps you guessing right up to the final reel. Interest_Love
"Se7en" is unique in many ways. Surprise
As I remember, I liked the book, and I definitely like this movie. Love
I'm really looking forward to seeing how Wan and Whannell's career develops after this fine sleeper. Love
"The Bourne Identity" is my new standard for contemporary spy thrillers. Love
It is because of such movies we like to see horror/thriller movies. Love
Here is a film that lives up to the expectations of a very funny trailer. None
The only bad part about this movie is the length, which I think could be shortened a bit but on the whole this was a superb movie which is well worth a watch. Anger_Love
Very highly recommended! Love
His wife Sheryl (Collette) tries to keep their family together but is so frustrated with her husband and nerve- shredded by the stresses of her home that it seems like she will cave in at any moment. None
That's a plus, Monte Carlo and like locales can get boring. None
Derek Vineyard's (Edward Norton) transition from a white supremacy leader's protege to a gang leader himself to a changed man is shown mainly through a series of flashbacks to the time before he was sent to prison. None
"The Bourne Identity" is a cracking espionage thriller with a surprising choice of lead actors. Love_Surprise
I came out of the cinema wanting to go back in again and watch it all over again. Joy
I knew that racism was horrible, but I found through this film that it does not come without a terrible price..the loss of love, friends, family...and the realization that everything that you believed to be true isnt always the way things are. Fear_Sadness_Surprise
Hopefully it wont be too late, as it was for him. Sadness
I don't know how else to shorten the distance polar bears have to swim to reach land before they drown or attack animals they cannot beat in their exhausted state...'An inspiring film it is, but I didn't leave the cinema feeling very happy. Love_Sadness
People want to see this stuff. Joy_Love
This is the first movie that made me cry, not because you feel sorry for the animals, but because you come to realise how fragile our planet is and what treasure we were blessed with, yet we don't appreciate it one bit.'This movie should be shown obligatory in schools. Sadness_Surprise
Flashlights barely illuminate the slimy walls of the roach-infested tenement of one victim and the dark bedroom of another. None
I've heard nothing but great things about the 2006 television mini-series, "Planet Earth," narrated by my childhood idol David Attenborough. None
For instance, Earth will tell you that a tropical sea is an ideal nursery for a young humpback whale, because there are few predators. None
With "Saw" James Wan and Leigh Whannell, the creative heads behind this project, set new standards. Surprise
Spycraft is not all about technical gizmos, but requires human brains and human brawn (and a fair amount of gunplay and car chases). None
I hate to admit it, but my primary interest in showing up for the screening was to see Steve Carell try his hand at a semi-serious role as the suicidal gay literature professor. None
The look on his face as he walks back from killing one man in the first seen is purely horrifying. Fear
This film has some of the most breathtaking photography I have ever seen in a film and took me places from deserts to oceans to rain forests and displayed things I have never seen in a film, TV or book! Surprise
However, if you are a faint of heart please do not see this movie as it has a lot of gore/violence in it which will make you jump out of your seat. Fear
And just as all comedies should, it gets funnier as it goes on. Joy
It doesn't try to teach you anything, it shows you how life works in nature.'I won't talk about the quality of the pictures, because you obviously know from other comments it is unmatched.'Earth is funny, tense and sad. Fear_Joy_Love_Sadness
Consequently, 'Earth' left me thirsting for more, and, fortunately, I now have approximately eleven hours more, as soon as I can track down a copy of the DVD box-set for "Planet Earth." Uplifting and tear-jerking, awe-inspiring and heartrending, 'Earth' is a truly magnificent documentary experience, and it might just be my favourite film of 2007. Joy_Love_Sadness_Surprise
The premise itself can lead to years of therapy for a family that should get a group rate in psychiatric care. Love
I will encourage my niece to see this film since she will be inheriting the planet we leave her. None
Neither does the action feel too contrived as a gripping escape from the US embassy in Paris proves. None
A sicko movie whose nastiness is almost topped by its weirdness...so obviously any true horror fan worth their salt needs to seek it out! Anger_Love_Surprise
The predominant disturbance is one or more episodes of inability to recall important personal information, usually of a traumatic or stressful nature, that is too extensive to be explained by ordinary forgetfulness - Just to prove, it's true, and does happen. None
He feels much more like an actual spy rather than Bond's increasingly frequent self-parody of such. Love
From the first minute to last this film twists and turns you till you feel rather poorly. Sadness
He brings a great innocence to the role of Noah Calhoun in the film, one of the two main characters. Love
The last movie I saw that made me cry as much as "The Notebook" did was "Ghost" with Demi Moore. None
This movie is exceptional!!! Interest_Love
This is one of those films that made me wonder why I hadn't seen it earlier. Love
As he travels from city to city he's followed by CIA agents who want to dispose of him to save their own jobs. None
It's bad enough he lost it to Cuba Gooding Jr. when he was in Primal Fear, which was yet another incredible performance by him. None
The closest comparison I can think of is Amy Adams in Junebug. Love
And despite the gloomy set-up, this twisted thing becomes the most life-affirming film I've seen since Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. Joy
Kevin Spacey is another great actor that has great range and really puts life and personality into his characters. None
Elements within: dialogue, actions, lighting, setting, all of these tend to reinforce one another to paint a solid picture. Love
Despite initial belief that he was too nice to play a hard-ass spy, Damon proves me wrong and in the best possible way. Love
By the end of the movie you will feel a whole heap of emotions. Love
I loved the way EARTH is made. Love
It causes quite a debate on the way people view others whos skin color is not the same. Surprise
I would very much like to see the two of them put in the same room, just to see who would make it out alive. None
He sees her at a carnival, and knows right away that he wants to be with her. None
Into this enclave of joy and bliss enters Sheryl's brother Frank, who has just been released from the hospital after trying to slit his wrists due to his unrequited love for one of his grad students. None
Either that or one hell of an imagination for bringing the intricate story of Seven and the plan of John Doe to life. Love
The movies mood is already set right from the beginning on. None
At one point i figured it was just going to end in the same old "big fight with lots of blood" scene but, WOW! that ending was the icing on the cake! Love_Surprise
Filled with fabulous quotes, and sentimental moments I found this movie to be one of the best I've seen. Interest_Joy_Love
The character development and story are amazingly well done, and this is largely a factor of the high quality of the acting. Love_Surprise
I am currently studying to become a psychologist, it's called Dissociative Amnesia. None
It's tense, thrilling and engrossing as you continue to discover more about Bourne and what he does. Fear_Interest_Joy
This amazing love story can be enjoyed by all. Joy
So, concluding, this is a great action film, I truly enjoyed this movie along with the sequel, The Bourne Supremacy. Joy_Love
That's a shame because he is a talented actor that isn't afraid to take chances with both the roles that he picks and the characters that he plays. None
Morgan Freeman is a great actor. None
Outstanding performances from everyone involved (And yes, of course, David Fincher does a wonderful job) Say no more. Love
There is nothing weak about it and nothing that stands out as bad. Love
It is the most wonderful film you will ever see, so go and see it. Love
There are probably several things that work in the book that would either be boring and take too much screen time to explain, or would be viewed as cliche to modern screen audiences. None
The love shown by Noah and Allie is something that envelopes us, and it makes us forget about the current story. Interest_Love
I am bewildered as to why director Tony Kaye would ever want out of this success. None
In all honesty, my Dad paid me to go see the Notebook with my friends because he kept saying how magnificent it was. None
I think it helped that the actors appeared to be having genuine fun together. None
What a Spy Movie Should Be Like These Days Love
It's a well-made and entertaining film that is only the first part of a trilogy, but it stands on its own as a wonderful film in its own right. Joy_Love
You will be talking about this movie for a long time. Anger_Love
A good friend of mine suggested this film, and I really didnt know what to expect going in, but after this film was over, I sat in stunned silence. Surprise
Think you're hard-boiled? None
: Just beautiful! Interest
John Doe's plan really is twisted and I won't be spoiling it here. None
The movie has some of the most sickening murders I have ever seen featured in a movie. Fear
Since "Nattevagten" I have not seen a thriller that has kept me on the edge of my seat as well as "Saw". Joy
This movie is from start to finish a well produced and directed film. Love
In this respect, the film doesn't "preach" any special meaning even though the film's moral statements are still maintained. None
The movie starts dark, intense, chilling and mysterious, a mood that is present throughout the entire movie. Fear
And of course, Kevin Spacey who plays the diabolical yet misunderstood serial killer. None
You can always count on him to do what he does best which is play a wise veteran that has seen it all. None
But the truth is Liman takes an old story and puts a new fast paced spin on it.'Matt Damon stars as the enigmatic assassin who just wants to figure out who he is. Surprise
I've often thought about the awful things that killers could do to people, but usually just shot/stab them - this movie does some of those things! None
Nevertheless, whether it was screened down here in Australia or not, I never caught up with it, and when I happened upon the opportunity to see 'Earth (2007)' – a feature-length compilation of the same nature footage – on the big screen, I jumped at the chance. None
The movie is filled with some truly gross, sickening and horrifying scene's, this seriously ain't no kids stuff! Fear
Powerful portrayal of Neo-Nazi movement in America. Love
Flawless acting by Edward Norton. Love
Brad Pitt for once has the opportunity to play more than just the pretty boy and he does it with success. Love
Except for one tense pursuit through halls and alleys in pouring rain, as well as the bit of ending action, there is surprisingly little violence. Surprise
No, this film is owned wholly and entirely by a nine-year-old actress named Abigail Breslin. Love
Further more it was great to see R. Love
And what it takes is a sad, painful, tragic and yet unendingly hilarious trek in a barely operational VW bus from Albequerque, NM to the Pageant. Joy_Sadness
Eventually it all gets a bit bitty and disjointed. Anger
The story surrounds the hunt for a serial killer, who, inspired by Dante Alighieri's seven deadly sins from "The Divine Comedy", sets out to, "preach" about man's impurity, and does so by targeting victims, then torturing them by pitting their own underlining sins against them. None
Do yourself a huge favor and go and see this film and then tell your friends about it. Love
By going back and forth, we are able to look forward to where each of the two stories is going. None
He says that he has found his place in life, and this is what the "cards" have planned for him. None
The two main characters played by Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt are presented as an unlikely police-couple that are different in many ways from each other but in a way that is also what makes them such a great couple. Love
It has no special effects!!! None
As someone who has trained in martial arts for over 10 years, unrealistic fight scenes are a pet peeve. None
It is a perverse logic that makes the final and seventh sin complete perfectly the circle of events begun with the first. Love
By the film's conclusion, the audience is as much apart of the film as the characters themselves, and arrive at Se7en's surprise ending without a single clue of it, prior to it occurring. Sadness_Surprise
Not a single moment is wasted; not a single scene is in this film without having a reason for being there, and it's all character-driven. None
I recommend this movie to anyone with a heart. None
However, the Notebook drew me into the story from the beginning right up until the credits- and then kept me crying for quite some time after it had ended. Interest_Sadness_Surprise
He reads from a book , the story of the two lovers as they go through everything life has to offer. Love
Together they come face to face with the people that want them dead.'The cast is great and so is the story. Love
Don't watch this movie if you think James Bond is someone who you can meet in real life. None
The story is of a limply-functional family, whose good leg is dysfunctional, and of the way that their love for each other is solid, somewhere underneath the varying shades of crazy. None
This is not a movie with an happy ending or a movie that provides a solution to the racial discrimination problems. Sadness
it is one of the greatest love stories ever told. Love
First-class spy thriller but nothing to do with the books - 93% Love
He convinces her to give him a chance, and she eventually agrees to give him the date that he seeks. None
Almost every film has something that I don't like about it, but I can honestly say that I wouldn't change anything about The Godfather. Love
Mat Damon is great as Jason Bourne, fished from the Mediterranean mostly dead by gunshot wounds. None
We never find out about what is in the case in "Ronin" and I can live without some information being filled in about Bourne's past.'To those who have moaned about the incompatibility of the book and the movie, seek help. None
Al Pacino shines above all in this movie, as the smart boy of the family he returns after fighting a war for his country, at that time not involved in the family business, but it doesn't take long before the war breaks lose and he see no other ways than to step in and fight for his family. Love
I sigh still, thinking of how completely in control of my insides that cast, that writer, that director all were. Interest
His quirkiness, perhaps the outgrowth of a brilliant mind, is no worse than that of any prophet or seer of old, those harbingers of Biblical insight whom others always find kooky and offbeat. None
All actors who have found their niches before, and were brought in to this film to help carry the story. None
a scathing black comedy that is also emotionally resonant, pro-family, and joy-inducing None
Nonetheless, the film packs an emotional wallop that's going to take a lot of people by surprise. None
He does not know quite why at first, and all he can say is that something inside of him is drawing him to her. None
He is very well believable as a Neo-Nazi as well as the reformed person he later turns into in the movie. Interest
According to Se7en, our culture is drifting through darkness. None
This is probably one of the most beautiful and romantic films I have ever seen! Interest_Love
Gosling is best known for his role as "Richie", one of the kids, in Murder By Numbers. None
Seven's quality puts it so far beyond most of the "cops on trail of deranged killer" genre that it comes out as a true jewel of cinema. Love
This story has been done several times in the past, most recently in "A Long Kiss Goodnight". None
Go see it and be thoroughly entertained. None
And I haven't even mentioned that it happens to be the funniest movie of the year. Joy_Love
That is what makes a great adaptation, when you can get lost in the story, and forget about your thoughts, or what is going on in the outside world. Interest
This movie is tops!! Love
But it aren't just only the gross scene's that are good, there are also some scene's that are made with lot's of beauty and profession such as the library scene. Love
I was expecting a kind of a moralistic movie with an overly present, almost preaching like message. None
This is why the film industry began. Love
Often times when a movie comes from source material such as a novel that did well, the people who were fans of the book end up not liking the movie as much. None
The movie's got a decent budget for an indie horror (a little over a million, i think) but it's pretty small for a film that got such a big release. None
The mood is set by good camera work and lighting, or better said, the lack of it. Love
The action scenes are believable, no super-gadgets, no incredibly willing women sharing his bed... None
Next to Ronin, this is one of the best action / spy movies that I've ever seen. Love
This is definetely a "must see" masterpiece. Love
This movie will have you feeling happy and joyful and the scenery is just brilliant. Joy_Love
Se7en's poetic ending(which will not be given away) says a lot for the people behind the movie, showing they are not afraid of going against the grain. Love_Surprise
Edward Norton especially, but also Edward Furlong, Beverly D'Angelo, and all of the rest of the cast down to Avery Brooks as Bob Sweeney, the African American high school teacher who comes up with the term American History X, and Stacy Keach as the wonderfully hateable Cameron Alexander. Anger_Love
The scene at the gas station contains moments of deep sadness and offbeat humor, something that Carrell pulls off wonderfully, and none will be able to look at the trunk of a car, some dubious literary material, and highway patrol the same way after seeing the infamous scene in the film. Love_Sadness_Surprise
Movies like Saw are the ones that makes us believe in the horror genre. Love
A rarity with films so nowadays. Love
Will their love be able to endure the separation, or will one of them move on to something that is easier in their own lives? Love
This movie makes us think of what could have been and gives us a fresh look at the meaning of true love. Love
Planet Earth will tell you that a tropical sea is a good nursery, because the water is low in oxygen and doesn't contain enough nutrients to support very large animals, like large sharks, etc. None
Meanwhile, in the story, Noah and Allie meet in one of the cutest scenes of the movie. Love
The fights are fast and very realistic but still entertaining. Joy_Love
It is amazing just how well the actors/actresses in the parts play their roles, and just how much we as an audience start to care about their lives. Love_Surprise
His performance in the movie is phenomenal. Love
I can't remember the last time I've been surprised by a movie's final twist, but "Saw" has an ending that I didn't see coming at all. Surprise
I have never laughed harder, and at such true-to-life comedy--nothing silly or goofy or forced or fake about the lines. Love
i went because it was free, and with no expectations. Surprise
This is not one of those cases, as the movie instead becomes its own entity. None
I know they must seem like pathetic indie stereotypes, but over the course of the film each of them is revealed as a multi-dimensional person struggling miserably but nobly to make the best of a life that is not working out the way they had hoped. None
Tops!!! Love
When her big chance comes at the most unexpected time, it's up to her unbelievably fractured family to pull themselves together and make it happen for her, no matter what it takes. None
Sicko movie, Go! Anger_Joy
: An Heartwarming movie that makes your insides go mushy with emotions!!! Love
I went to see this film with my sister and my Mum and we were the only ones in the cinema. None
And although, at first, I was quite surprised by the laughter of the audience as we see animals in their daily fight for survival, I could not help laughing myself sometimes. None
The Notebook tells the story of a summer romance that turns into a romance never to be forgotten. None
The fights in "Bourne" are fast, nasty, and very realistic while still being entertaining for the layman. Joy_Love
The movie however turned out to be extremely powerful mainly due to the professionalism it was made with.'The movie its story is told 'beautifuly' in black & white and color. Interest_Love
I'm spun out but the whole thing - definitely a DVD buy for me. Surprise
Edward Norton is just unbelievable. Love_Surprise
Also, the movie has a great twist. Surprise
Both stories have great chemistry between the characters at the center of them. Joy
Right from the beginning this original story sucks you in and doesn't let you go until the very end. Interest_Surprise
The footage from this movie is often breathtakingly beautiful and I many times wondered how on Earth they could have taken some of the shots under water or in the sky. Love_Surprise
Edward Furlong also does an amazing job!!! Love
I recommend anyone with a good tolerance for violent and graphic depictions go see this movie. None
The mother immediately thinks that is should end, but the father feels that it is just a summer "thing" that will come to an end rather quickly. None
She's that good. Love
But WHAT a collection of characters this is. Surprise
One Of The Best Movie "Gifts" I've Gotten This Year... Love
: the notebook was a truly remarkable film Interest
Watch American History X, it totally worth it! Love
Hope it gets some nominations!!! Love
Fincher's talents for making a visually stunning film are now well known and he often brings a dark patina to his work. None
I am a big fan of love stories. None
I thought it was just another documentary, but it really is something else. Love
"The Bourne Identity" comes highly recommended from this viewer, who is now off to buy some Ludlum books. Love
Edward Furlong, the little kid from T2 is astounding as the confused brother of Derek. Surprise
A gamble, as it turns out, that pays off in spades. Love
: Edward Norton delivers a staggering performance as an extremely intelligent white supremacist who realizes the wrongness of his views and must then try to prevent his younger brother form going down the same Love
Sure, the cops are depicted way too stupid and the killer is unrealistically smart, outshining each and every opponent with his perfect plans, but hey, "Se7en" and "Silence Of The Lambs" didn't care too much about realism, either, did they?'"Saw" does have some flaws. None
It shows what is NOT the solution to the problems and that everything that is occurring is like a vicious circle. None
But the fact is that this feels like a modern spy film. None
I highly recommend seeing this film while it is in theaters, or purchasing it when it hits DVD, because it has everything that is needed for a truly great love story. Joy_Love
There's even a haunting beauty to be found in the hunt, both in the slow-motion footage of a cheetah bringing down its prey {the result of a single fateful misstep}, or the majestic mid-air leap of a Great White Shark as it engulfs a hapless sea lion. Interest
In addition its music and sound editing make watching EARTH a profound experience you don't want to miss. Love
I still can't sleep. None
This film is moving in so many ways...I can't even describe how real and heartfelt it felt. Interest_Love
They owned my ass, and I will love them forever for it. Interest_Love
This is what made the romance real for me. Interest
It?s not as easy as it sounds, and some films (like Star Wars Part 2), end up making the audience laugh, rather than feel what the characters are feeling. Interest
Run or be killed.'I can't say enough good things about this movie. Love
The film, blending a well put together combination of dark visual style, intense plot development, and polished acting, remains tight and focused throughout, from beginning to end, never straying outwards into unimportant issues, or resorting to typical Hollywood clichés. Interest_Surprise
